
This folder contains the example of concurrent lock-coupling single-liked 
lists.



In this folder you will find some scripts to run the examples:

run.sh:
  executes the example for list shape preservation.

run_insert.sh:
  executes the example for functional correctness of insert procedure
  considering the case in which one thread handles an element different
  from all other threads. It verifies that the element is in the list
  after insertion.

run_remove.sh:
  executes the example for functional correctness of remove procedure
  considering the case in which one thread handles an element different
  from all other threads. It verifies that the element is no longer in
  the list after removal.

run_seacrh.sh:
  executes the example for functional correctness of search procedure
  considering the case in which one thread handles an element different
  from all other threads. It verifies that the element is found if and
  only if it is in the list.

run_functional_search_linearization.sh:
  executes the example which establishes that the result of search
  procedure matches with the presence of the searched element at the
  linearization point of search.

run_functional_search_true.sh:
  executes the example which states that if a search is successful then
  the searched element was inserted earlier in the history.

run_functional_search_false.sh:
  executes the example which states that if a search is unsuccessful then
  the searched element was not present in the list at the linearization point
  of search either because of it was never inserted or because of it has been
  removed.


Inside each script you can configure the options you want Leap to use.

IMPORTANT: You must configure the path to Leap inside the script before you
           can run it.



The other folders within this folder are:

  + graphs: contains the proof graph for this example.

  + invs: contains the invariant candidates.

  + prgs: contains the program under verification.

  + vcs: here are output the generated VCs during the verification process, 
         just to provide extra information.



For further information regarding how to configure Leap or edit the files 
within this example, please refer to:

http://software.imdea.org/leap/tutorial.html

